hey guys I'm Justin Davis from drum
camps are see where an official DJ I
dealer in the united states and today is
April 7 2015 and we wanted to bring you
some drone news that's happening around
the world there's a lot going on right
now there's a lot on our bench and on
everybody else's bench especially DJI
we've been talking about DJ I for the
last couple weeks and there's a huge
hype machinery following DJI right now
it's almost comparable to some of the
Apple Computer commencement speeches
when they released a new ipod or the the
ipod touch on the iphone it's really
really the expectations are very high
for DJI so some of the things we've been
talking about on facebook and on the
forums tomorrow or we're expecting to
see possibly a new phantom 3 possibly
maybe some things for the inspire such
as maybe a camera or something like that
which would be really cool for inspire
users so everything is hearsay at this
point so all of this is up in the air
until tomorrow morning 1130am if you
tune in to DJ I com you can see that
commencement speech live and to
demonstrate possibly some demonstrations
of whatever they have up their sleeve so
some of the things that that users have
been talking about around the internet
right now so first of all the Phantom 3
are we going to see a fam three other
people are calling a triumph I believe
that was the previous name for some
other maybe they inspire the the first
thing that people are hoping for is the
4k camera we'd like to see a 4k camera
on the dance phantom size copter so we
can get possibly we can get up to 60
frames a second on that camera as well
that might be great some of the other
things are longer range capabilities we
would like to see a longer video range
and copter range for transmission of
operation of the copter maybe some sort
of possible light bridge include
in this package maybe like a baby light
bridge or something like that it would
be really nice and a lot of folks are
asking for an HDMI out option that would
be really nice for hooking up external
monitors for those of us who are phantom
fans also is more reliability more
robust flight controller asking for some
better GPS locks and more available
satellites in our operations possible
water-resistant components would be
really nice a lot of folks are having
problems with crashing in lakes or
flying near the beach and having some
sudden their components get fried so
they're looking at also possibly it
would be really nice if we had a sort of
a modular camera like the inspire one
has that we can take on and off and also
have available upgrades for for later
cameras and less wires and ribbon cables
and things hanging off of that a lot
easier for the end user to take on and
off the copter may be inspired by the
inspire one as well a 360 camera
movement around the bottom of the drone
with with retracts on there as well so
we don't film any of the phantom legs
anymore so that would be really nice
upgrade for phantom users and possibly
the follow me function a lot of people
have been asking for that in the past
year so that you know does the Phantom
do the follow me function not typically
no it does not so we're not we're not
going to get into that but modular
camera design would be great if we had
something that we can remove that's one
of the top lists that people are talking
about that they like to have so DJI to
vision plus v3 user on facebook named
Paul crew said that he saw this he had
this chat with a possible DJI customer
rep service rep we don't know if this
was true or not it might have been here
say on the internet it might be someone
something made up but supposedly the
person's name was cherry and they had
this conversation that it would be
released as a phantom 3 we don't know if
this is a valid source or not it could
be hearsay
but you know there was on Facebook
there's been a lot of really funny
things being posted on the internet
lately as the the new phantom 3 to get
you to click on it and then it's a bogus
article about something completely off
the wall or not even related most of its
been jokes and things that people have
been showing so in other drone news
besides that besides what DJ I has going
on tomorrow we were looking forward to
this this augmented reality program
there's a there's a French company
called sis vo I don't know if I'm
pronouncing that right but sis vo has
created an augmented reality drone
software system that will go on our
drones and you will be able to see a 3d
object in front of you projected in
front of you why you record the video so
if this is great for construction people
if you have something that you're trying
to build an architectural feat that you
want to show a client you can load that
into the software and then you can go
out to the property location fly the
drone around it exactly where it would
be in position with the latitude and
longitude so you can get like a preview
of this construction before it's
actually built pretty cool for future
clients of architecture or construction
related jobs in other drone news we're
looking at a new website has been
specifically created for UAV pilots to
get accurate data for their current
flying conditions or as well as a
predicted forecast these guys have set
up this website where you can enter in
your your address and then you can get
things such as the local temperature
wind chill precipitation cloud cover
cover excuse me visible stats the KP
index established satellites that are
locked in and good to fly column on the
right hand side so they'll have a simple
yes or no answer for if it's good to fly
at your specific location you can check
them out at UAV forecast calm so that's
a pretty cool website for them we've
seen that announced on the internet on
other YouTube channels and on face
but people are sharing that around so we
thought we'd like to let you guys know
about that but that's that's the latest
and greatest in drone news right now and
be sure to check out Sara and David
O'Neill tomorrow they will be live
broadcasting from the DJI event and they
are called that drone show so look them
up on Google check out their site and
see if you can pull up that live stream
and so thanks again to David and Sarah
for for hosting that from their site so
the the pre-orders are going to start
for the DJI release whatever that is
tomorrow later that afternoon we should
have some information available on our
site at drone camps calm so thanks again
for watching I'm Justin Davis tomorrow
is going to be very very exciting so
stay tuned and please click Subscribe